hello I'm Johnny Mitchell of Johnny
Mitchell smokehouse executive chef and
pitmaster today we're doing a lemon
pepper rosemary chicken and we're also
using the grill dome chicken sitter here
and that's going to be a great way to
cook your chicken on your grilled um so
first of all we're going to start to
make a real quick marinade that we're
gonna put inside our sitter so we're
gonna take this we're gonna squeeze some
lemon in there we're going to take some
rosemary that we've chopped up we've D
stemmed it's fresh rosemary and white
wine probably bout a cup cup and a half
will be fine with this now to prepare
your chicken you need about a three
pound chicken three plus pounds you can
also take and trim off this fat on the
outside of it if he likes very simple
just you'll see it's very fatty a little
extra skin right there you're gonna need
about three pound chicken to make sure
it's just fit over the top of the sitter
so what we're gonna do is one take them
grills a little olive oil we will rub
this all over the bird
a little granulated garlic lemon pepper
you don't cut all this really nicely and
then more of our fresh rosemary
we're gonna turn these wings in folks
like this and just tuck it behind the
bird what this does is help hold the
wing close to the breasts and everything
and it'll cook evenly
if they're stuck out and hanging out
they have a tendency to dry out you're
not gonna be able to use that so now
you'll be able to use the whole bird so
now we're going to take our sitter you
might have to work at this just a little
bit but three pound Birds that on there
just fine we're gonna take our fires
already lit on our smoker so we're gonna
take put this on 275 degrees you can use
a little bit of cherry woody or
something like that if you'd like also
if you'll so cure' stems from your
rosemary throw them directly on the
coals you'll get some nice aromatics
from that you go cook this for about 90
minutes but what you're looking for is
an internal temp of 165 and you have a
beautiful golden chicken
five folks are ready to put our
beautiful chicken here on our beautiful
grill down
pick it up set it directly in the middle
alright folks we checked our temp we're
at 165 are above ready to come off this
chicken is so beautiful it's gonna be so
delicious juicy moist and you can only
do this on a grill dumb